Fix broken links (#2548)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/monitoring/metrics/essential.adoc

Monitoring the hardware resources shows the strain on the server running Neo4j.

> You can use utilities, such as the http://www.collectd.org/[collectd] daemon or `systemd` on Linux, to gather information about the system.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use utilities, such as the https://collectd.org/[collectd] daemon or `systemd` on Linux, to gather information about the system.
```
